.TH "cmm" "1" "2013-02-25" "inne" "Circular-Application-Menu"
.SH NAME
cmm - Circular-Main-Menu for the GNOME desktop
.SH SYNOPSIS
cmm [OPTION ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a Circular-Application-Menu (C-A-M) mirroring the same structure as the existing application menu for the GNOME desktop.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS -h, --help
Shows help options.
.SS --hide-preview
Hides the menu preview displayed when the mouse is over a menu.
.SS --hide-tooltip
Hides the tooltip displayed when the mouse is over a menuitem.
.SS --warp-pointer-off
Stops the pointer e.g. the mouse from warping to the centre of the screen whenever a menu is shown.
.SS -g, --glyph-size=SIZE
The size of the glyphs in pixel: 16 small, 32 medium (default) or 48 large and so on.
.BR
Example: \-g 64, set the size of glyphs to XXL.
.SS --blur-off
Stops the blur from underneath the menu.
.SS --no-fullscreen
Maximize the window instead of place in the fullscreen state.
.BR
Usually the menu is a window in the fullscreen state, but maximized looks better with the GNOME-Shell.
.SS -e, --emblem=NORMAL:PRELIGHT
Specifies the emblems (colon separated) to use for the root menu.
.BR
Example: \-\-emblem="./emblem-\fBnormal\fR.png:./emblem-\fBprelight\fR.png\fR".
.BR
Usually you can find some emblems in \fI/usr/share/circular-application-menu/pixmaps\fR.
.SS -c, --color=NORMAL[:PRELIGHT[:TEXT]]
Specifies the colors (colon separated) to use for segments and text.
.BR
The color can be either one of:
.RS
.IP
A standard name (Taken from the X11 rgb.txt file).
.IP
A hex value in the form '#rgb', '#rrggbb', '#rrrgggbbb' or '#rrrrggggbbbb'.
.IP
A RGB color in the form 'rgb(r,g,b)'. (In this case the color will have full opacity. But opacity is ignored.)
.IP
A RGBA color in the form 'rgba(r,g,b,a)'. (But opacity respectively alpha is ignored.)
.RE
Example: \-\-color="rgb(215,7,81)" stands for a DebianRed singel color menu, \-\-color="#0f0:yellow" for "normal:prelight" and so on.
.BR
Usually you can find some predefined RGB colors in the X11 rgb.txt file \fI/etc/X11/rgb.txt\fR.
.SS --render-tabbed-only
Only shows the currently tabbed menu.
.SS --render-reflection-off
Stops the reflection from being rendered.
.SS --menu-file=MENU_FILE
Menu file.
.SS --include-excluded
Include excluded menu entries.
.SS --include-nodisplay
Include NoDisplay=true menu entries.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I XDG_CONFIG_HOME/cmm (Default: $HOME/.config/cmm)
A INI-file in the base directory in which to store user-specific default values. 
.BR
Example:
 # Settings for a DebianRed singel color menu and excluded menu entries will displayed.
 [DEFAULT]
 	color = rgb(215,7,81)
 	include-excluded = true
.SH HISTORY
The Circular-Application-Menu was originally just a paper prototype written by Cole Anstey.


